Update TiDB server package download links in monitoring upgrade (#17319) (#17331)
pingcap/docs: upgrade-monitoring-services.md

### Step 2. Download the Prometheus installation package provided by TiDB

1. Download the TiDB server package and extract it. Note that your downloading means you agree to the [Privacy Policy](https://www.pingcap.com/privacy-policy/).

    ```
    https://download.pingcap.org/tidb-community-server-{version}-linux-{arch}.tar.gz
    ```

    > **Tip:**
    >

>     > `{version}` in the link indicates the version number of TiDB and `{arch}` indicates the architecture of the system, which can be `amd64` or `arm64`. For example, the download link for `v8.0.0` in the `amd64` architecture is `https://download.pingcap.org/tidb-community-toolkit-v8.0.0-linux-amd64.tar.gz`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > `{version}` in the link indicates the version number of TiDB and `{arch}` indicates the architecture of the system, which can be `amd64` or `arm64`. For example, the download link for `v6.1.0` in the `amd64` architecture is `https://download.pingcap.org/tidb-community-toolkit-v6.1.0-linux-amd64.tar.gz`.
```

### Step 2. Download the Grafana installation package provided by TiDB

1. Download the TiDB server package and extract it. Note that your downloading means you agree to the [Privacy Policy](https://www.pingcap.com/privacy-policy/).

    ```
    https://download.pingcap.org/tidb-community-server-{version}-linux-{arch}.tar.gz
    ```

    > **Tip:**
    >

>     > `{version}` in the link indicates the version number of TiDB and `{arch}` indicates the architecture of the system, which can be `amd64` or `arm64`. For example, the download link for `v8.0.0` in the `amd64` architecture is `https://download.pingcap.org/tidb-community-toolkit-v8.0.0-linux-amd64.tar.gz`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > `{version}` in the link indicates the version number of TiDB and `{arch}` indicates the architecture of the system, which can be `amd64` or `arm64`. For example, the download link for `v6.1.0` in the `amd64` architecture is `https://download.pingcap.org/tidb-community-toolkit-v6.1.0-linux-amd64.tar.gz`.
```
